Breaking upgrade docs (0.4) (#1087)
Quansight/qhub: docs/source/admin_guide/upgrade.md

> # Upgrade

Author: Yes, many steps are similar.

This is a guide to the general upgrade of QHub to a new version.

You should always backup your data before upgrading.

> Note that for some releases (e.g. to v0.4), the cluster cannot be upgraded in-situ so you must perform a redeployment (backup the old cluster, redeploy a new upgraded cluster and then restore your data).
>

> > To perform a redeployment upgrade see the [more detailed documentation here](./breaking-upgrade.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To perform a redeployment upgrade see the [more braking upgrade documentation](./breaking-upgrade.md).
```
